.\"-
.\" Copyright (c) 2004 - 2010 CTPP Team
.\"
.\" Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
.\" modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions
.\" are met:
.\" 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright
.\"    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.
.\" 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright
.\"    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the
.\"    documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.
.\" 4. Neither the name of the CTPP Team nor the names of its contributors
.\"    may be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software
.\"    without specific prior written permission.
.\"
.\" THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE REGENTS AND CONTRIBUTORS ``AS IS'' AND
.\" ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
.\" IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE
.\" ARE DISCLAIMED.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE REGENTS OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE
.\" FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL
.\" DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS
.\" OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION)
.\" HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT
.\" LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY
.\" OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF
.\" SUCH DAMAGE.
.\"
.Dd Jun 15, 2010
.Dt CTPP2-CONFIG 1 1
.Os "CTPP Dev. Team"
.Sh NAME
.Nm ctpp2-config
.Nd CTPP configuration tool
.Sh SYNOPSIS
.Nm
.Op Ar --version
.Op Ar --flags
.Op Ar --cc
.Op Ar --cxx
.Op Ar --make
.Op Ar --libs
.Op Ar --includes
.Op Ar --includes2
.Sh DESCRIPTION
.Nm
parses data in JSON format from file
.Ar source.json
and prints result to standard output.
.Bl -tag -width indent
.It Fl -version
print the ctpp2 version number
.It Fl -flags
print C++ compiler flags
.It Fl -cc
print executable name of C compiler
.It Fl -cxx
print executable name of C++ compiler
.It Fl -make
print executable name of make
.It Fl -libs
print displays list of libraries
.It Fl -includes
print list of include dirs
.It Fl -includes2
print list of include dirs with '-I' prefixes
.Sh EXIT STATUS
.Ex -std
.Sh SEE ALSO
.Xr ctpp2c 1 ,
.Xr ctpp2vm 1 ,
.Xr ctpp2i 1 ,
.Xr ctpp2json 1
.Sh HISTORY
An
.Nm
command appeared in CTPP 2.0.0.
.Sh AUTHOR
Written by Andrei V. Shetuhin <reki@reki.ru>
.Sh "REPORTING BUGS"
Report bugs to <reki@reki.ru>.
.Sh WEBSITE
http://ctpp.havoc.ru/en/ - in English

http://ctpp.havoc.ru/    - for Russian speakers
.Sh COPYRIGHT
Copyright \(co 2004 \- 2010 CTPP Dev. Team.